Don't talk about your identity,
It wasn't me who wanted to hit you, it was him,
It was he who asked me to hit you. I'm making a case for my shoulder.
What are you talking about?
Isn't this a mess?
Okay, you want to kill me,
Then I'll punch you. today,
A small case of arm-twisting openly provokes us to call the grown-up family a powerful person.
I'm looking for these guys. What happened to him? We'll give you the great man's family treasure.
I still blame you,
Pull one household,
I steal first before leaving home
My eight great friends can't stop me
Never waver
cut off life
For first time students
Let me see who dares
I'll take the card
I dare not leave home
Who can send Bu Zhaoli?
Cut off the road to survival
Please follow me to your home
What are you going to do about this?
Things that cut off the road to another life
That little stinky case
What legal principles are you talking to us about?
Let me tell you that heaven is also a dharma circle and dharma
I have power and money
I am the house, you have the power, you have the money
You are in the building
You just follow the fish on the table
I'm here alone, right?
Ordinary people
That's how we suppress the common people together.
Can you understand how to write dreams?
Those are yours, these are yours and yours.
You are a stinker
can we
Eight major families join forces to deal with you
It's your whole life
So it’s easy to get the moment
Then I have to thank you forever
Today I will let you know
What does it mean to be an outsider?
a phone call
You can let your dad
Let your relatives see that I have betrayed you Jianghan
It's important for you to show your true cooperation, Jiang Han
Do you really have anything
I don’t know the bottom faction
I tell you
My brother-in-law is very powerful, you beat him
Even if you mentioned it
The thief is out
Is this guy so affectionate?
Is it really such a sweet expression?
It's going to happen three, four, five times
What do I call each month?
But today a company wants to cut off my bio
And yes, yes
What about themselves
eight families
You are said to be a bad guy
I still have you, what can I do?
It took a long time
He reported the phone number and wanted to laugh.
We will report it to the family
But Quegui knot three
You just have a small fight
Thirty-five cities are required to cross the line
Is your old man, Sansanwan, sick?
Jiang Han, are you stupid?
People on the city's flexible lines don't dare to move at all
Bada Price Exchange
Repair the relationship with their director
You also have to pay attention to the big price of Pakistan.
Take ten minutes, maybe?
Xiu Hui Jiang Cheng Xian
Napa big price
Zhenglu fault area